hello we was welcome to home cooking
with me he master Romani
today's recipe is spaghetti with
meatballs here are the ingredients let's
take a look I have about 250 grams of
minced meat spaghetti has been cooked
tomato puree 3/4 cup breadcrumbs 3 large
Tomatoes has will blanched and chopped
basil leaves dried oregano pepper 1
onion finely chopped mixed herb watch
our sauce paprika powder 1 egg few
cloves of garlic that's been chopped
sugar salt and some olive oil but we're
going to make the meatballs for that you
need about 250 grams of minced meat this
I'm going to add a few cloves of chopped
garlic some salt some pepper watch our
sauce you will get this many specialties
- one egg slightly wilted
pour the egg into the needs
and gently mix everything together once
you've done that add the breadcrumbs
finally the meat is ready so now you
keep it for about five to ten minutes
and then make small balls and try it I'm
just gonna toss the cooked spaghetti
with a little earth and oil for that
take about 1/2 teaspoons of olive oil in
a pan just add about 1/4 teaspoon of
mixed herbs you instant I'm getting a
lovely instant aroma of the herb try it
mixed up to this just add the cooked
spaghetti so you can see that what oil
has done is just helps to loosen the
spaghetti a bit it's nice and smooth now
so this is done I'm going to just
transfer it into a bowl next I'm going
to make that sauce for that take about
2-3 teaspoons of olive oil properly
onions the chopped onions chopped garlic
garlic for about few minutes so they're
about golden brown have the blanched and
chopped tomato
make sure you get lovely red ripe
tomatoes when you make me tomato sauce
so this I'm going to add the dried
oregano pepper salt pour and eat mercury
a half cup of water to get the sauce
moving
I'm just going to add a small teaspoon
of sugar just to balance the flavors
together have a lovely sweetness and
tankyness to it now let the sauce starts
simmering now I'm going to make the
meatballs a bit of oil to this pan which
is going to shallow fry now I'm gonna
make the meatballs let's take a little
don't take too much you don't want to
the meatballs be too big the size will
be fine
once the pink color is gone and you have
nice light brown color you can remove
meatballs and put in the sauce as the
sauce is simmering along with meatballs
just add a few leaves of basil fresh
basil gives a wonderful flavor to any
Italian dish that you prepared gently
mix it in now I'm going to play it the
spaghetti with the meatballs take a
little we roll it up and place it in a
lovely small bowl and place the meatball
sauce on top
don't mix the with the sauce the
person eating it will actually do it for
themself garnish it with some grated
Parmesan there you have this absolutely
delectable spaghetti with meatballs I'm
sure your kids will love it do try it
and enjoy it with your family
standing here Commons and feedback to
food at Benton or tex.com and also
follow us on Facebook